What are you doing here?
I think we will get married in the future.
I came to see you in Tianjin.
If you have anything to do, say nothing and go out. I'm very cold.
I'm going to take care of you today.
But he doesn’t stop and doesn’t take care of me,
And said I was a bad person.
You are very sincere, and you are still not close to him.
But if you push me, it’s not your child.
And his biological mother has been found.
What else do you want him to do?
If you really like children, we can have them too.
Do you still remember?
What day?
that day five years ago
that thing
Haven't you already asked?
I can no longer be sure of the past
Are you guilty?
Then you ask
I was tricked into that matter
But I remember clearly
This is my advanced room
Then you come in again
I I walked to the room real
It's been so long since this happened
I have already forgotten
I just remember
After I remember the room
we we're like that
Later I was too scared
I'll leave
You don’t talk about what happened that day
Can’t quite remember the background
Can't change
Maybe I miscalculated
It's not him at all